# Hotel_Booking_Analysis
In this Project we began to explore the dataset in which Hotel Booking comprises of two type of hotels i.e City Hotel and Resort Hotel. In this dataset there are 119390 rows and 32 columns. All the columns are divided into three dtype - Object,Float & Int This Dataset does have duplicate as well as null values. There are total of 31994 duplicate values and 4 columns have missing values. the maximum number of missing values are from "company" column then followed by "Agent", "Country" and "Children" columns. the "children" column consists of only 4 null values while "company" column consist of 112593 null values. the total rows are 119390 and columns are 32. In this project we have divide the data manipulation workflow into three different categories i.e Data collection, Data cleaning and manipulation and EDA. In moving further we have used various basic function and attributes i.e Data collections first step to find different columns which is done by using various method like Head(),tail(),info(),describe(),columns(),and some others method used for data collection. In this dataset there are both duplicate and missing values available. so we have to deal with that and as a result we have replaced the null and missing values and also have droped the duplicate values. The further we converted the datatype of columns into appropriate datatype. we also added some columns. this dataset was also containing duplicate values so we dropped this. We have found there were some rows in which values of adults, babies and children was 0 so this simply means there were no guests as 0 indicate presence of none. so there were no bookings made. as a result, we simply dropped that rows where combining values for adults, babies, children columns was 0. The datatype of 'reservation_status_date' column was object type so it was changed to date type format for better use. there were two new columns that was added, one is 'total_people' and other is 'total_stay'. Before visualizing any type of data from the data set we need to do data wrangling so for that we have to checked null value of the columns so after completing the process of data visualizing we move to data visulizion part.
